ESF-905 Trustly documentation (#421)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: payments/trustly/other-features.md

---
title: Swedbank Pay Trustly Payments – Other Features
sidebar:
  navigation:
  - title: Trustly Payments
    items:
    - url: /payments/trustly
      title: Introduction
    - url: /payments/trustly/redirect
      title: Redirect
    - url: /payments/trustly/seamless-view
      title: Seamless View
    - url: /payments/trustly/after-payment
      title: After Payment
    - url: /payments/trustly/other-features
      title: Other Features
---

## API requests

The API requests are displayed in the [Trustly payment flow][trustly-flow].
The options you can choose from when creating a payment are listed below.

{% include alert-callback-url.md api_resource="trustly" %}

{% include authorizations-resource.md api_resource="trustly" %}

## Payment Resource

{% include payment-resource.md api_resource="trustly" documentation_section="trustly"
showStatusOperations=true %}

{% include payment-transaction-states.md %}

## Create Payment

> Within the Trustly payments part of the eCommerce API, you can create one type of payment and you can inspect and alter the details of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Trustly Payments, you can create one type of payment and you can inspect and alter the details of the
```

---

> title: Swedbank Pay Trustly Payments Other Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Swedbank Pay Trustly Payments – Other Features
```

|                  | └─➔&nbsp;`firstName`              | `string`      | Prefilled value to put in the first name text box.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|                  | └─➔&nbsp;`lastName`               | `string`      | Prefilled value to put in the last name text box.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

{% include transactions-reference.md api_resource="trustly"
documentation_section="trustly" %}

{% include callback-reference.md api_resource="trustly" %}

{% include payment-link.md show_3d_secure=false %}

{% include complete-url.md %}

## Description

> {% include description.md %}

Reviewer: If `## Description` is always a second level header, can we please move it into `description.md` everywhere it's included?

|                  | └─➔&nbsp;`lastName`               | `string`      | Prefilled value to put in the last name text box.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

{% include transactions-reference.md api_resource="trustly"
documentation_section="trustly" %}

{% include callback-reference.md api_resource="trustly" %}

{% include payment-link.md show_3d_secure=false %}

{% include complete-url.md %}

## Description

{% include description.md %}

{% include payee-info.md api_resource="trustly" %}

{% include prices.md api_resource="trustly" %}

{% include settlement-reconciliation.md %}

## Problems

When performing unsuccessful operations, the eCommerce API will respond with a
problem message. We generally use the problem message `type` and `status` code
to identify the nature of the problem. The problem `name` and `description` will
often help narrow down the specifics of the problem.

> ### Error types from Swedbank Pay Invoice and third parties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Error types from Swedbank Pay Trustly and third parties
```

All Trustly error types will have the following URI in front of type:
`https://api.payex.com/psp/errordetail/trustly/<error-type>`

{:.table .table-striped}
| Type            | Status | Description                   |
| :-------------- | :----: | :---------------------------- |
| `externalerror` |  500   | No error code                 |
| `inputerror`    |  400   | 10 - ValidationWarning        |
| `inputerror`    |  400   | 30 - ValidationError          |
| `inputerror`    |  400   | 3010 - ClientRequestInvalid   |
| `externalerror` |  502   | 40 - Error                    |
| `externalerror` |  502   | 60 - SystemError              |
| `externalerror` |  502   | 50 - SystemConfigurationError |
| `externalerror` |  502   | 9999 - ServerOtherServer      |

> | `forbidden`     |  403   | Any other error code          |

Reviewer: These error types look a lot like the ones in `common-problem-types.md`?

Author: Yes, I have removed these as we dont have this error responses in Trustly
